Distinguish AbstractMovieWriter and MovieWriter in docs. (#21948)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/animation_api.rst

   FFMpegFileWriter
   ImageMagickFileWriter

> Fundamentally, an `AbstractMovieWriter` provides a way to grab sequential
> frames from the same underlying `~matplotlib.figure.Figure` object.  The
> base `AbstractMovieWriter` class implements 3 methods and a context manager.
> The only difference between the pipe-based and file-based writers is in the
> arguments to their respective ``setup`` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The writer classes provide a way to grab sequential frames from the same
underlying `~matplotlib.figure.Figure` object.  They all provide 3 methods
that must be called in sequence:

- `~-AbstractMovieWriter.setup` prepares the writer (e.g. opening a pipe).
  Pipe-based and file-based writers take different arguments to ``setup()``.
- `~.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` can then be called as often as
  needed to capture a single frame at a time
- `~.AbstractMovieWriter.finish` finalizes the movie and writes the output
  file to disk.
```

Reviewer: IMHO it doesn't make sense to specifically mention `AbstractMovieWriter` because nobody will use that class. Instead, we can more informally say "all writer classes".

Note also that #21954 moves the ineritance diagram here and adds missing classes, which should make the relations more clear.

> The `~AbstractMovieWriter.setup` method is used to prepare the writer (possibly
> opening a pipe), successive calls to `~.AbstractMovieWriter.grab_frame` capture
> a single frame at a time and `~.AbstractMovieWriter.finish` finalizes the movie
> and writes the output file to disk.  For example ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example ::
```
